hey you ready for this mmm I don't know
if I whoa you looks a little different
right there for saying we shouldn't do
you like it better down here yeah yeah
okay hey guys I thought it wasn't
expecting that haha I thought it was
just gonna be me hey guys it's up it's
been running so I was like you're like
12 like oh ok those because I talk to
myself Mariano whoa ok so hi guys its
offices me Nicole obviously um if you
don't know me subscribe um so this is my
friend Ariana to them one of my friends
special anyways so we are going to go
just my first collab cuz she's got a
chance you and i will link her channel
down below if you guys wanna watch her
and we filmed one on my channel 2 yeah
oh you did a collab um we're doing the
tongue twister challenge so ariana is
going to get tongue twisters up on her
phone because I'm unprofessional and
like I said before I don't have a camera
i use my phone your true subscriber you
know that and if you need that i'll just
give this video a little thumbs up yeah
the bike i want hard one yeah literally
go hard time token I can't even take the
head a big bug bit a bold fault bear and
pooped in the pool pump their blood
blood badly hold me okay three strikes
and you are out okay okay that's one all
right so these are the rules I'm making
this up as we go up in it all right you
get three stripes once you get your
three strikes wherever um how about
weeks me something off each others pants
okay
oh yeah no boundaries ok you can go all
out I'm gonna lose I'm carnate some
stuff I okay do the first one ok can you
a can-can into a nun can can like a
canner can can I can can and do an
uncanny yeah I'm point for me first ones
ten much can you find a pan pan into a
nun Campion like a cantor can panic and
pan into an unfenced in hello you read
another one I thought we doing the same
we don't even same one no we just go for
it so how are we even get one strike if
we don't do the same one one could be
harder than mother that's not how this
how is it it Colin no I'll hook up to if
you must cross the course cross cow
across a crowded cow crossing cross the
cross course cow across the crowded cow
crossing carefully these don't even make
sense I don't even know what I know same
right imagine an imaginary mended dream
manager managing in FML ow oh my god
like hey I'm managing it imaginary oh my
god that's so hard one strike for me oh
my god that's so hard to do this is all
ah so under the 1 i'm doing is the
world's hardest tongue twister according
to the Guinness Book of World fun so it
can be mined no come on doing okay nice
and records oh good the six six six six
sheets sick oh I did it it's not that
bad a tutor who tooted the flu tried to
tutor to tutors tutu said that's 22 the
tutor is it tougher to 24 22 22 22 22
yeah silly Sally Swift to choose seven
silly she's the seventh silly sheep
Sally choose shilly shally selfie she
changed yeah one down DC shoes went down
like the Titanic yeah well she was
watched Titanic for the first time my
god brake halftime how'd you like it was
amazing it was your favorite part caprio
ok the part where Leonardo DiCaprio went
in the room like grabbed um rose yeah he
was like I know you're amazing and stuff
like time in let's go with three sweet
to it ok strikes out no I wasn't paying
attention right a unique New York unique
New York tech house back nike or you do
it bonus round wait i have to track oh I
how many shirts do you have I have one
ok so one more second of them how can a
clam cram and the clean cream cans
sheena leaves Sheila knees and I was
waiting for like the mom literally four
words a day what the Frick is this
actually one you cuz I cus we all costs
for asparagus okay let's see 66 i
miss already that's right right right
well I'm it's done it's over you went
good I just got owned on my own channel
all right hold on to your Twitter oh I
don't even get to cook all right she
didn't want all that weight what were
you saying I said logging on to pursue
my career I said love oh my god I
completely forgot about the ending part
have to think of a really good one oh my
god I'm so nervous oh my god she's
logged in here we go Wow oh my god it's
so bad though I don't know if I should
treat it it's really gross ah what is it
do it because I'd say something really
bad on yours in the mean time time time
we're going to our five tonight my
favorite band um it's either your
favorite pin yes one of them yeah oh my
god you can delete this after okay just
keep it up for an hour okay I pull my
god this is so bad cool I'm just
tweeting it okay
random thought it's so gross huh guys
don't like after they to you like I
don't want to take this when I'm signika
Oh God get up keep it for an hour and
hour is too long and you can tweet that
wasn't me Oh bad oh my god someone
favorited it I got that is so I did not
expect anything like dolly no I don't
I'm much I'm gonna reply to me
no I have a like 10 minutes
no no one half hour how our an hour to
end this video if you want to follow her
if you even like do that much you can
follow her on Twitter Instagram it's all
are an excellent somebody out others to
go with you Arianna x 100 hundred right
here right there yep um and yeah my um
youtube channel it's ours adventures and
so put yeah they'll be down below she
can go check out her channel is every
did a collab on it and um if you're cool
you will give this video a thumbs up and
fell min on my social media is there
down below as well I have my Instagram
snapchat vine and Instagram so yeah lose
this video I hoped you guys liked it and
see you guys later bye oh and like the
tweet okay no no ya won't be I'm
nevermind you won't even know about it
all right five
you